[pop music playing]
[orchestra playing]
EMPEROR
Let's go.
I'm detecting no signs of life
within the research facility.
[Chang] Oh, come on.
Is this their day off
or something?
Or inside, the entire factory
is teeming with robots.
[Françoise, via brainwave]
There should be
an entrance up ahead.
Be careful, everyone.
Open it.
[G.B.] Wasn't expecting that.
[Chang] There's nothing
at all in here.
So did they run?
[Joe] Can you hear
anything from Ivan?
There's nothing.
Maybe they have
a special room on site
that can block brainwaves.
[Joe] Understood.
We'll take a look.
Our time limit's
only 20 minutes, right?
That is a lot of ground
to cover.
It'll be more efficient
if we split up.
Two-man cells, move out.
Catalina...
I'd like you to come with me.
[sighs]
Well, I guess that leaves
the two of us by ourselves.
After all these years,
you didn't expect anything else?
[Blessed] Welcome, Ivan Whisky.
It would seem that your comrades
have finally arrived.
I hope you get the chance
to bid them farewell.
[footsteps]
[Igarashi sighs]
[both gasp]
[Swiss] Captain Igarashi.
Were you able to locate
and apprehend
the Zero-Zero cyborgs?
No, sir. The situation
has drastically changed.
The cyborgs are
not the enemy as presumed.
Our true foe is The Blessed.
[American] The Blessed?
A superhuman race
of unknown origin
that we encountered
during our mission
to suppress
the Zero-Zero cyborgs.
One of my men
was killed in action
due to their unique powers.
We cannot afford to let
this enemy run rampant.
They've been among us
for quite some time,
and they're plotting something
diabolical against humanity.
We brought you proof,
research materials
on The Blessed
collected through the years.
[Swiss] And you are?
An informant I've come to trust
by the name of Lucy Davenport.
We need to launch
an investigation
confidentially based
on her sworn testimony.
I regret to inform you
the U.N. has already been
infiltrated by an enemy agent.
[Frenchman] What are you saying?
[Igarashi] I'm afraid
it's Director Pyotr, sir.
He has cunningly led us
on a mission
to annihilate the cyborgs,
bolstering the power
of The Blessed.
[American] I beg your pardon,
Igarashi, but what on Earth
-are you talking about?
-Huh?
[Swiss] Our Director is
Schmidt in Geneva, remember?
We've never heard
of this man named Pyotr.
[gasps] What did you say?
The North American unit and I
have been under his command
for quite a while now.
[American]
You're not making sense.
The person in command
of the North American unit
is you, Igarashi.
[gasps]
What are you...
What's happening?
[Swiss] We can see
that you're tired
and in need of some rest.
[Lucy] What's going on?
[Joe] There's evidence
that someone
has been here very recently.
009, for back in Minnesota,
I'd like to apologize.
[Joe] What?
For what occurred there.
It may have been my duty,
but I tried to kill you.
I'm very sorry
for all that happened.
There's no need
for you to apologize.
It's all good.
Now that we've combined forces,
I'm sure we can handle
The Blessed.
Tell me now, do you have
the power to manipulate time?
In the forest,
I saw you rewind the timeline.
Catalina...
did you see it, too,
what I did?
[Françoise]
Joe, do you read me?
Françoise?
We did find some old blueprints
of this facility,
but there was no room
that could fit the bill.
But then we did some digging,
and there are far too many
construction-related documents.
If they were trying
to keep it a secret,
then it's highly likely
that they've built a basement.
[Joe] If they're underground,
that would explain
why Ivan's brainwaves
are being blocked.
There should be a corridor
somewhere leading underground.
[Joe] Roger that. Thanks.
Let's go, Catalina.
Right.
Sure, basement. That really
ups the creepy factor.
Please don't unleash
any monsters on us.
[Guardian] This is Team C.
A Blessed member is here.
-Hmm?
-[gasps]
[G.B.]
Decided to show your face?
-[grunting]
-[laughs]
Not your average,
run-of-the-mill cyborgs.
No, no, no.
Not giving up already?
[tanks whir]
[G.B.] Bloody hell!
This was a trap!
What's wrong? 006, 007?
[Chang] We're trapped!
They got us boxed in!
I'm going on ahead.
[Blessed] It would seem you're
having quite a lot of trouble
disposing of one used cyborg,
aren't you?
I can assure you
009 is no mere cyborg.
Oh? And what
do you mean by that?
It appears that acceleration
is not his only power.
I witnessed him rewinding time
back in Minnesota.
Preposterous.
You simply tuned in
to his consciousness
and hallucinated that,
nothing more.
No. I saw what occurred.
So is that your reason
for letting him live?
[Catalina] His brain's been
overclocked through surgery.
That might be a catalyst,
meaning that, given time,
those that we've
overclocked ourselves
could possibly acquire
unimaginable powers as well.
Exactly what are you saying?
That the Forced Evolution Plan
might very well result
in producing a human species
that poses a threat to us.
It's already been proven
that the overclocked become
compliant, outstanding humans.
They pose no danger
to our kind.
Even so...
There's even a success story
among those
you know personally.
You'll find out soon enough.
[Ivan groaning]
[Blessed] So at last you awaken,
Ivan Whisky.
[Ivan, telepathically]
Who are you?
They call me Emperor right now.
That is quite a lofty name.
It's based on something
that took place many years ago.
Tell me,
what do you want with me?
[Emperor]
I want to team up with you.
You possess amazing powers,
too much
for outdated cyborgs to handle.
Wouldn't you agree?
Join forces with us,
and you'll be able
to get more out of those powers.
What do you say?
What would I be using them for?
Curious, are you?
Currently, we're attempting
to force humans to evolve.
Evolve?
That's right.
We can no longer overlook
what those foolish humans
are doing,
repeating their pointless wars
over and over,
blindly triggering disasters.
They're on a steady path
to their own extinction.
To prevent that from occurring,
fundamental changes
to their kind need to be made.
[Ivan] Even with all that
being the case,
wouldn't you say that forced
evolution is a bit drastic?
As a defender of humanity
all this time,
you do realize
the modern human race
is no longer worthy
of being protected.
True, in part.
I agree that humans
have reached a dead end
in terms of evolution.
[Emperor] And that's why
we're going to change them
by this method.
[Ivan] You're saying
it's for the good of humanity?
Absolutely, Ivan.
[Igarashi]
Are you all right, Lucy?
Yeah.
Wasn't expecting that.
Who knew they could erase
the Director's existence?
It could be that,
or they could be manipulating
the others' memories.
[Lucy] I'm sure The Blessed
are capable of something
like that as well.
Hmm.
There's no doubt
that The Blessed
are exercising their control
from within the shadows.
We've got to alert the public
to this as soon as we can,
or there's gonna be hell to pay
[Joe] G.B.! Chang Changku!
[G.B.] Sorry about this, Joe.
We fell right into
their stupid mousetrap.
[Chang groans]
I can't even
make a dent in that.
For what possible reason
lock us up in here?
It makes no sense. Hmm?
[buzzing]
[G.B.] Bloody hell!
[Chang] Hold on.
Is that nerve gas?
No. It's a cloud
of micro-drones.
[G.B.] Get stung
by those things,
and it's game over.
[grunting]
-[machinery whines]
-[gunfire]
[groans]
Catalina.
009, go after that Blessed.
We can handle this. Go.
Don't let him get away.
[Chang] Everybody, step back!
[exhales]
All right.
We should be okay for now.
What is wrong?
[clanking]
[Ivan] I understand
what your goal is,
but if you push evolution
forcibly on living beings,
there are sure
to be cracks eventually.
That, too, has been
taken into account.
According to
our experiments, 5%.
So a sacrifice of 5%
is justifiable?
No.
That would be
how many would survive.
Hang in there, okay?
[gasps]
Oh, no.
I think one
made it into his suit.
From his air intake tube?
So it managed
to shred the filter.
[Guardian gasps]
[G.B.] Hey, what's wrong?
[Guardian] Did you hear it,
That voice?
[Guardian #2] Yeah.
I heard it, all right.
Well, I didn't hear anything.
They're gonna crash into us!
Are The Blessed
controlling them now, too?
That's a no.
[gasps] However,
something is wreaking havoc
with their brainwaves
and blood pressure.
[G.B.] Aw, you're kidding me!
Hey, hey, easy, easy!
[Chang] Control yourselves!
Calm down!
Ai-yah.
[G.B. groaning]
That was close.
Will you guys stop that?!
Damn it. These two
are moving like...
[Chang] Just like Joe does!
Be careful, please.
[Françoise] Good luck.
[gasps]
[Joe] Ivan!
Just what is it
you want with him?
What is it you're plotting?
I want answers now!
I'm not through with you.
Uhh! [coughs]
Welcome, 009.
I was hoping to be able
to see your powers.
[Catalina] Pyotr,
what are you doing here?
You'll see, Linker.
Watch this.
[Blessed] Are you in shock?
He is the success story
I alluded to earlier.
You mean Pyotr...
is a human?
What's going on here?
Catalina...
don't tell me that you're
also one of The Blessed.
Catalina!
[Chang] 003,
we need you to take a look
at these guys' medical data.
What's the matter?
What's going on?
The squad members'
blood pressure,
it's skyrocketing.
That's not all.
Their brains are producing
lethal amounts of adrenaline.
They're in danger.
[wails]
News flash!
We're the ones in danger!
[Françoise] Their
blood pressure is over 250.
Their body temps are
soaring dangerously.
Stop them before they die!
[G.B.] Easier said than done.
Just look inside their masks.
Those poor men are bleeding
from their eyes and ears.
[Guardian coughs]
[gurgles]
The light. I can see the light.
[Guardian] I did it.
Now the world belongs to me!
[Guardian #2] Mom! Mom!
[G.B. grunts]
What happened to them?
[Françoise]
Cardiopulmonary arrest.
[G.B.] What the hell's
going on here?
[Joe groans]
What do you think?
He's one of the humans
we've overclocked.
[Ivan] Looks like
his physical abilities
have been greatly enhanced.
That's not the only thing.
We've also seen
they're competent, rational,
and compliant human beings.
[Emperor] At long last,
I shall have acquired
subjects I can call my comrades.
Since recorded history began,
leaders have sought friendship
with their constituents.
[Ivan] That's not the same.
Friendship is a word
that applies
when it's
an equal relationship.
[chuckles]
[coughs]
That's enough interference,
cyborg.
I'm in acceleration mode.
How did...
[Blessed] It appears your fears
were groundless, Linker.
He's not even a match
for an overclocked human.
He's merely an inconsequential
piece of junk.
Why aren't you
accelerating further?
rewinding the timeline?
[groans]
[shudders]
Your job is done now.
Thank you for your help.
[Blessed] You're done, too,
Joe Shimamura.
[groaning]
009, that's enough.
What? Ivan, why?
I find myself strangely
intrigued by their existence.
What are you talking about?
Oh, no. They've got you
under their spell, too?
You've gotta resist
what they're doing.
[groans] Ivan!
What are you doing? Ivan.
Ah. Teleportation, eh?
After 3,000 years,
who knew I would see wonders
that I have as yet
to experience?
Ivan, don't!
[G.B.] Ivan!
[Ivan] Forget about me.
There's something
you all need to do.
[Joe] Ivan!
[G.B.] Do you hear all that?
[Chang] Is something
about to explode?
Not so good.
Let's move. This way.
And you, too.
Come on.
[ballad playing]
[singing in Japanese]